And we can move on to the ad template.
Let’s start by giving it a name, in our
case, for one of the weather conditions.
The first thing we’re going to set up is
the status.
This will control that this ad is only active
when it is actually dark in each city.
So our status can’t just be active or paused;
instead, it needs to be controlled from the
feed.
Here we add a new rule, “dark” “equals”
“TRUE”.
Note that this is case-sensitive: Our feed
has these values in upper-case, so we need
to write it like that.
If we now read the rule, it says: “Keep
the ad active if dark equals TRUE otherwise,
pause the ad.”
That sounds exactly like what we want to achieve.
Next, be sure to select your Facebook page
intended for testing.
And then we want to create a video ad.
Now we need to remember that all the text
and other ad elements are included in the
feed.
So we just need to reference all these columns
here with our hashtag macros.
The message would be #message_dark#.
We’re going to use a video template.
Make sure you select the correct library where
you stored the templates before.
Most likely, it’s either in the Files library
for the entire company or in a specific ad
accounts library.
If you’re searching in the wrong library,
you won’t find your templates.
Once you’ve located them, select the matching
template for this creative (e.g., SmartShoe
Dark).
Now we can see the preview on the right and
then continue with our other ad elements.
The title is #title_dark#, the description
#description_dark#, the call to action is
#cta_dark#, the call to action URL is #url_dark#
and finally the call to action caption is
#caption_dark#.
And that’s it for our first creative.
Now we can duplicate it and make the adjustments
for the second creative.
We’ll name it “Cold”.
The status condition is “cold” instead
of “dark”.
The message is #message_cold#.
The template is “SmartShoe Cold”.
And finally the title is #title_cold#, the
description #description_cold#, the call to
action is #cta_cold#, the call to action URL
is #url_cold# and the call to action caption
is #caption_cold#.
As you can see, once you’ve set up your
first creative, the following one is relatively
quick to adjust.
Now we need to repeat this once more for the
“Rainy” creative.
Adjust the name to “Rainy”, the status
condition to “rainy”, the message to #message_rainy#,
and the template to “SmartShoe Rainy”.
And finally the title is #title_rainy#, the
description #description_rainy#, the call
to action is #cta_rainy#, the call to action
URL is #url_rainy# and the call to action
caption is #caption_cold#.
And now we’re done with all our weather
creatives.
The preview looks great, so let’s move on
to the Optimization tab.